COPYING.md, before:

Libostd is licensed under the University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License,
a permissive, non-copyleft, BSD style license. The license text goes as follows:

Copyright (c) 2015 Daniel "q66" Kolesa. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the names of libostd developers nor any contributors may be
      used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without
      specific prior written permission.

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.**

Additionally some code from the libc++ project has been used as a reference;
libc++ is a part of the LLVM project.

Additional thanks to Dale Weiler aka graphitemaster (reference code in the
Neothyne project) and cppreference.com.

**The data/UnicodeData-10.0.txt file is taken from the Unicode Character
Database and provided under the following license:**

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

Copyright © 1991-2017 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.
Distributed under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation
(the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation
(the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files
or Software are furnished to do so, provided that either
(a) this copyright and permission notice appear with all copies
of the Data Files or Software, or
(b) this copyright and permission notice appear in associated
Documentation.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS
NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.

Commit message:

implement the sorting logic in unicode generator

COPYING.md, after:

Libostd is licensed under the University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License,
a permissive, non-copyleft, BSD style license. The license text goes as follows:

Copyright (c) 2015 Daniel "q66" Kolesa. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the names of libostd developers nor any contributors may be
      used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without
      specific prior written permission.

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.**

Additionally some code from the libc++ project has been used as a reference;
libc++ is a part of the LLVM project.

The libutf project (https://github.com/cls/libutf) was used as an inspiration
for some of the Unicode implementation bits within libostd and the gen\_unicode
program used to generate the necessary ctype tables, but all of the code was
written from scratch; nevertheless, I would like to give some credit and thanks
to the project here.

Additional thanks to Dale Weiler aka graphitemaster (reference code in the
Neothyne project) and cppreference.com.

**The data/UnicodeData-10.0.txt file is taken from the Unicode Character
Database and provided under the following license:**

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

Copyright © 1991-2017 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.
Distributed under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation
(the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation
(the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files
or Software are furnished to do so, provided that either
(a) this copyright and permission notice appear with all copies
of the Data Files or Software, or
(b) this copyright and permission notice appear in associated
Documentation.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS
NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.
